---
layout: post
title: A Gentle Deep Carbon Observatory Nightmare - Episode 12
---

Today my party killed the witch in the water, it was probably the smallest of their problems. 

<!--more-->

After spending some time on the roofs of Pollnagollum and interrogating the people they decided something fishy was going on (fishy as in, weird fishes in the water). Also Thelonius discovered he has a feet fetish. They destroyed the roof of the house they were sitting on and jumped down to recover a rope. That's when the witch attacked. She grabbed Cavell, started strangling him. Thelonius climbed down and tried to slash the woman, then Glirk followed by jumping. He tried landing on the witch but dropped on Cavell, destroying the table and scattering everyone in the water. Basily went down and tried searching for the rope, after finding it he and Glirk used it to strangle the woman as she was whispering weird names in Glirk's eyes.

The witch died. 

After burning her corpse and burying her a decision had to be made, Thelonius wanted to rebuild the village and use it as a base of operations, Cavell wanted to go to the Dam. Everything that followed is something the players shouldn't know so it's gonna be under the spoiler tag. 

<button title="Click to show/hide content" type="button" onclick="if(document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display=='none') {document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display=''}else{document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display='none'}">Spoiler</button>
<div id="spoiler" style="display:none; background: #4a4a4a;
  border-left: 10px solid #ccc;
  margin: 1.5em 10px;
  padding: 0.5em 10px;">
First of all, the Witch wasn't ran as written, I didn't use her sleep or command abilities (i didn't like the first one, forgot about the second), also she managed to control Glirk. This also wasn't RAW, I had him reroll his WIS and CHA stats but he is slowly turning evil, not immediately. For now it's only a slight change, I still have to decide where I want to go with this. Other than that I finally intoroduced the Crows. Echo approached Thelonius, told him Glirk and Cavell wanted to kill him, that Cavell only wants one thing and it's power above everything else. She also approached Basyli, he told him that Cavell wants to kill them all, she warned him. She also told both of them not to go beyond the dam or that they'll kill them. It worked perfectly, half lies, half truths. People are unsure as to what's going on and they started doubting eachother, if they go further than the Dam I'll have them learn about the other characters ;)
</div>