---
layout: post
title: The Nameless Tale - Episode 0
---
Hello, and welcome. Thanks for taking the time to read this, I hope you'll find enjoyement in it.

The Nameless Tale is an experiment, a weird test that might be fun or might be not. It's a writing excercise where most of the actions and the outcome of the story are decided by the whims of the dice. There is no predetermined path, no giant plot and no immortal characters. It's kind of a solo roleplay game where I transform into text everything that happens and try to make it fun for you to read. All the rolls will be public and, since they can't be live for obvious reasons, you'll have to trust me about them. 

The Nameless Tale gets its name from the type of the story I'm going to write: an unknown one. It seems almost like a condraddiction but the emergent narrative of roleplaying games allows for the story to develop naturally, and I hope that it's something that will happen. I'll be using a slightly homebrewed version of B/X D&D because it's the edition I like the most, hence you'll probably see many of the OSR tropes in the game. Random encounters, deadly environments and a low fantasy world. 

This will be first and foremost a tale, a story. As such, to not clutter the narrative, most of the rolls will be <span class="tooltip">hidden like this.<span class="tooltiptext">Rolling 1d20-1 vs AAC 14 = 18!</span></span> You can simply hover over the dotted text with the mouse to see the relevant rolls. 

Sometimes I will also interrupt the story to explain some homebrew rules I implemented or the reasoning behind my choices. When the tooltip space will not be enough I will use Spoiler Tags. Simply press on them to read their contents.

<button title="Click to show/hide content" type="button" onclick="if(document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display=='none') {document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display=''}else{document.getElementById('spoiler') .style.display='none'}">Spoiler</button>
<div id="spoiler" style="display:none">

  	For example I will be using the optional AAC rule from OSE since I feel that it makes battles easier to understand for readers!
</div>


I have created four characters and you will meet them in the first episode of the series.

I really hope you'll enjoy what I'll be making.

Thanks for reading.